.nh
.TH "HARBOR" "1"  "Harbor Community" "Harbor User Manuals"

.SH NAME
harbor-logs - Get recent logs of the projects which the user is a member of


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBharbor logs [flags]\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
Get recent logs of the projects which the user is a member of.
This command retrieves the audit logs for the projects the user is a member of. It supports pagination, sorting, and filtering through query parameters. The logs can be followed in real-time with the --follow flag, and the output can be formatted as JSON with the --output-format flag.

.PP
When --page and/or --page-size are explicitly provided, a pagination summary (for example: "Showing 6-10 of 14") is shown in default table output.

.PP
Convenience filter flags are available to build query expressions:
- --operation (operation type, e.g., create, delete, pull, login, logout, update)
- --resource-type (resource type, e.g., user, artifact, project, repository)
- --resource (resource name)
- --username (username)
- --from-time and optional --to-time (for op_time range)

.PP
IMPORTANT: Event types from 'harbor logs events' are compound strings (e.g., 'create_user', 'delete_artifact').
These must be split into separate flags:
  create_user       → --operation create --resource-type user
  delete_artifact   → --operation delete --resource-type artifact
  pull_repository   → --operation pull --resource-type repository
  login_user        → --operation login --resource-type user

.PP
Examples:
harbor-cli logs --operation create --resource-type user
harbor-cli logs --operation delete --resource-type artifact --resource library/nginx
harbor-cli logs --page 1 --page-size 10 --query "operation=push" --sort "op_time:desc"
harbor-cli logs --follow --refresh-interval 2s
harbor-cli logs --output-format json


.SH OPTIONS
\fB-f\fP, \fB--follow\fP[=false]
	Follow log output (tail -f behavior)

.PP
\fB--from-time\fP=""
	Start timestamp for op_time range (RFC3339 or 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'). Required when using --to-time

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for logs

.PP
\fB--operation\fP=""
	Filter by operation (e.g. create, delete, pull, login, logout, update). Event types from 'harbor logs events' must be split: use --operation and --resource-type separately.

.PP
\fB--page\fP=1
	Page number

.PP
\fB--page-size\fP=10
	Size of per page

.PP
\fB-q\fP, \fB--query\fP=""
	Query string to query resources

.PP
\fB-n\fP, \fB--refresh-interval\fP=""
	Interval to refresh logs when following (default: 5s)

.PP
\fB--resource\fP=""
	Filter by resource name

.PP
\fB--resource-type\fP=""
	Filter by resource type (e.g. user, artifact, project, repository). Event types from 'harbor logs events' must be split: use --operation and --resource-type separately.

.PP
\fB--sort\fP=""
	Sort the resource list in ascending or descending order

.PP
\fB--to-time\fP=""
	End timestamp for op_time range (RFC3339 or 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS'). Optional when --from-time is set; defaults to current time

.PP
\fB--username\fP=""
	Filter by username


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	config file (default is $HOME/.config/harbor-cli/config.yaml)

.PP
\fB-o\fP, \fB--output-format\fP=""
	Output format. One of: json|yaml|csv

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--verbose\fP[=false]
	verbose output


.SH SEE ALSO
\fBharbor(1)\fP, \fBharbor-logs-events(1)\fP